from the start yes--very has always been
about becoming better versions of
ourselves and growing like getting out
of our comfort zone who strive to
inspire people to live a more joyful
life and become more conscious of humans
so today we wanted to rise up to the
challenge in a different manner we
wanted to learn how to become better men
in a world that is getting more
progressive and equal but still has a
lot of work to do by embracing our side
of the responsibility we hope to become
active members of a movement that tries
to make the world a better place for
everybody and who to get advice for them
on how to become a better man than Prime
Minister of Canada himself Justin
Trudeau see a year and a half ago we
surprised the prime minister with our
ridiculous Christmas orders to ask him
to take a photo with us for our holiday
card yeah I like it Walker example that
yes so where we kind of became best
friends after that and recently he
actually agreed to have breakfast with
us regardless of what you think of its
policies Prime Minister Trudeau is
nothing less than a role model for
someone who strives to make the world a
more equal place and takes action
towards it by the way we shouldn't be
afraid of the word feminist men and
women should use it to describe
themselves anytime they want
we thought would sit down with him and
ask him what he thinks it takes to be a
better man in the 21st century
[Music]
oh you guys look really terrible well
thank you so much yeah glad to be here
yeah it's a pleasure see you for the
second time
yeah you guys aren't ambushing me in the
street now actually I actually planned
the meeting this way yes good I am I was
born and raised in Egypt and growing up
I was taught to as a man tries to stay
away from things like being vulnerable
or being scared or being weak and I used
that of Egypt to pursue education abroad
and I the more I got in touch with those
things that made that my parents my dad
specially told me to always stay away
from because that will make you the man
I am the more I got in touch with that
the more I discovered my masculinity and
what what it meant to me to be a man and
I my first question to sir is how do you
identify yourself as a man Oh God ah you
know I mean there's this as you point
out there's this tradition that anyone
who cries at movies or shows emotion or
shows fear is somehow less masculine and
I think what people are understanding
now is strength isn't being a brick wall
strength is being a real human ready to
share your vulnerabilities and still
being confident and strong enough to to
listen to others to learn from others
and to and to engage fully with a total
range of emotions so as I look at how
I'm trying to raise my two sons I want
them to see a dad who cries at dumb
movies so I want them to see someone who
who admits to to making mistakes and
learns from mistakes and that and that
lesson on how to be a complete human
being is pretty important there's a lot
of voices that say so if you believe in
a quality why do you call it feminism I
remember I remember arguments with
friends of mine in university and the
arguments about could a man actually be
a feminist and there's different waves
of feminism there's all this theory
around behind it for me I sort of set
that aside if you want to be a feminist
well
you should be a feminist because if you
recognize that men and women should be
equal should have equal opportunity
should have yeah equality be paid as
much and you recognize that there's
still a lot of work to do in society to
get to that point well that makes you a
feminist and you know by that token
anyone who thinks of themselves as
progressive and modern should really
recognize that they're also feminists
and the more we can use that word and
take take it back from being a negative
label or a narrow label and just say
look we should all be more active in
promoting equality promoting people's
rights giving opportunities and not just
out of out of the sense of goodness or
ethics or morality although of course
it's part of it out of a sense of this
is what works this is how we build a
strong society we have better companies
better workplaces better governments
when men and women have a strong equally
recognized voices when I went to to New
York a few weeks ago I sat down with 12
leading entrepreneurs Canadian business
leaders who happen to be women every one
of them and it was it wasn't gathering
you know women who run businesses it was
gathering business leaders who happen to
be women and I'll tell you the
conversations of caliber of the
conversant talk about gender equality we
didn't talk about pay equity we didn't
talk about the other challenges of which
we talked about how to run a good
company what government can be doing how
we can engage better in the world what
kinds of trade issues what kind of visas
we talked about anything I might have
talked about with a group of men
business leaders except I think we
talked about it better we talked about
it with with more insight and a better
regard because by dint of of the
situation they became business leaders
in if they were able to pierce through
in a male-dominated world it's because
they were pretty exceptional and and
therefore that quality of conversation
which needed to be had in any case was
was uplifted so when you
like for example on political summits
when you go like you just sends up in a
man's club is it hard like to approach
the issue of feminism when it's mostly
men like you try and bring it up and do
they sort of do some political leaders
like sort of back off there and to be
honest it continues to sort of bug me
that everyone makes such a big deal out
of me saying that I'm a FEMINIST right
and and really I think it's it's just a
piece and I said this a couple of times
the fact of I'm the first one of our
generation who gets yes
yell quality men and women diversity
openness respect those things as having
been raised with them in a great country
like Canada I got to pierce through
first and like okay of course I'm a
feminist and and you know the fact that
every time I say that everyone's going
oh my gosh that's so great I'm like I
can we can we get over it it shouldn't
be a big deal but the fact that it is a
big deal shows that we still have an
awful lot of work to do saying this is
important and like promoting is
important but you also have to do what
cree-cree stuff and you have like gender
equal cabinet I just asked I was not
working at Busey like specific changes
as opposed to the previous cabinet and
so we've talked a lot about going
through legislation and applying a
gender lens to it that means you put
forward a budget or a piece of
legislation you say okay now how is that
going to impact on women specifically
you can do that with a number of
different things and that's that's been
something that we've been talking about
a lot for the past ten years or so you
know really applying lots of things well
what's the impact going to be on women
of this particular measure we're now
starting to switch that around and say
instead of putting a gender lens after
the fact how can we come into it with a
feminist approach which means saying
well let's approach from the start as if
equality and the fact that there's a lot
of work still to do to get women to a
place of equality is part of the input
into whatever piece of legislation or
whatever bill you're putting forward so
moving it's sort of further up the chain
as opposed to consulting afterwards so
you're actually folding it into the core
of your thinking has been a really
really powerful shift for us we are
always striving to promote a message of
love over fear which is that we think is
the same thing you were doing and we
love you for that
and yet disrupting the wreck wrap things
up we we have a little gift for you so
we know you're your big fan of Superman
so we got you a clue that look at that
my god this is definitely about
Roku you are the coolest talking are you
hahaha good thank you oh you're not
putting those back in the bag still just
shared like a fun thing for we have but
we want you to tell your snapchat follow
just one or two things that they can do
walking out of the door after hearing
during this interview something that
they could do to act upon their belief
in equality or even feminism hey
snapchat there's lots of things you can
do to be a better feminist as a man but
here's a simple one don't interrupt
women and notice every time women get
interrupted in conversations there you
go
[Music]
very awesome thank you for watching all
the way into the end most of our
audience are actually meant we hope that
you watch this with an open mind and got
something valuable from it we certainly
did and that's you
[Music]